Privacy Sandbox new FAQ - Does SameSite become irrelevant after the third-party cookie deprecation? (#1799)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/privacy-sandbox/faq/index.md

Chrome on iOS and iPadOS does not support Chrome origin trials.

> ### Does `SameSite` become irrelevant after the third-party cookie deprecation?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Will `SameSite` become irrelevant after third-party cookies are deprecated?
```

 - `SameSite=Lax` is the current default, so while it does not strictly *need* to be included it's good practice to specify it for cross-browser consistency.
 - `SameSite=Strict` continues to be a more restrictive option, for cookies that must only be sent when the user is already on the site. This is and remains a good security practice for cookies that are part of managing particularly sensitive access.

>  - `SameSite=None` should continue to be sent for cross-browser consistency. However, Chrome's proposed change to phase out third-party cookies would result in those cookies no longer being sent in cross-site contexts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - `SameSite=None` should continue to be sent for cross-browser consistency. However, Chrome's proposed change to phase out third-party cookies would result in those cookies no longer being sent as is in cross-site contexts.
```

>  - The exception to this is cookies that are modified by either the `Partitioned` or `SameParty` attributes, which allows for a subset of cross-site use cases. *Note:* both these attributes are only proposals at this stage and the final format may be different.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - The exception to this is cookies that are modified by either the [CHIPS](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/privacy-sandbox/chips/) or [First-Party Sets](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/privacy-sandbox/first-party-sets/) proposals, which allows for a subset of cross-site use cases. *Note:* these proposals are under active discussion, so final formats and functionality may change.
```

>  - `SameSite=Lax` is the current default, so while it does not strictly *need* to be included it's good practice to specify it for cross-browser consistency.
>  - `SameSite=Strict` continues to be a more restrictive option, for cookies that must only be sent when the user is already on the site. This is and remains a good security practice for cookies that are part of managing particularly sensitive access.
>  - `SameSite=None` should continue to be sent for cross-browser consistency. However, Chrome's proposed change to phase out third-party cookies would result in those cookies no longer being sent as is in cross-site contexts.
>  - The exception to this is cookies that are modified by either the [CHIPS](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/privacy-sandbox/chips/) or [First-Party Sets](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/privacy-sandbox/first-party-sets/) proposals, which allows for a subset of cross-site use cases. *Note:* these proposals are under active discussion, so final formats and functionality may change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `SameSite=Lax` is the current default. While it does not strictly *need* to be included, it's good practice to specify it for cross-browser consistency.
 - `SameSite=Strict` continues to be a more restrictive option, for cookies that must only be sent when the user is already on the site. This is and remains a good security practice for cookies that are part of managing particularly sensitive access.
 - `SameSite=None` should continue to be sent for cross-browser consistency. However, Chrome's proposed change to phase out third-party cookies would result in those cookies no longer being sent as is in cross-site contexts.

The exception is cookies that are modified by either the [CHIPS](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/privacy-sandbox/chips/) or [First-Party Sets](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/privacy-sandbox/first-party-sets/) proposal. These allow for a subset of cross-site use cases. As these proposals are under active discussion, the final formats and functionality may change.
```

Chrome on iOS and iPadOS does not support Chrome origin trials.

### Will `SameSite` become irrelevant after third-party cookies are deprecated?

- `SameSite=Lax` is the current default. While it does not strictly *need* to
   be included, it's good practice to specify it for cross-browser consistency.
- `SameSite=Strict` continues to be a more restrictive option, for cookies that
   must only be sent when the user is already on the site. This is and remains
   a good security practice for cookies that are part of managing particularly
   sensitive access.
- `SameSite=None` should continue to be sent for cross-browser consistency. However,
   Chrome's proposed change to phase out third-party cookies would result in those
   cookies no longer being sent as is in cross-site contexts.

> The exception is cookies that are modified by either the [CHIPS](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/privacy-sandbox/chips/) or [First-Party Sets](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/privacy-sandbox/first-party-sets/) proposal. These allow for a subset of cross-site use cases. As these proposals are under active discussion, the final formats and functionality may change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The exception is cookies that are modified by either the
[CHIPS](/docs/privacy-sandbox/chips/) or
[First-Party Sets](/docs/privacy-sandbox/first-party-sets/) proposal.
These allow for a subset of cross-site use cases. As these proposals are
under active discussion, the final formats and functionality may change.
```
